[tech] Update conversion of fares v2 to fares v1 (#509)
CanalTP/transit_model: src/documentation/ntfs_fare_v2_to_v1_specs.md

This conversion is only used for a limited timeframe until main navitia product can read the new model. 

The conversion will be illustrated in two steps on the following example. 
On the first step, we will consider the case where there is nothing in ticket_use_restrictions.txt. 
The second step will take into account ticket_use_restrictions.txt. 

### Data Example

tickets.txt

ticket_id    | ticket_name    | ticket_comment
  ---        |   ---          |    ----
my_ticket_id | My Ticket Name | My Ticket Comment

ticket_prices.txt

ticket_id   | ticket_price| ticket_currency| ticket_validity_start| ticket_validity_end
---         | ---         | ---            | ---                  | ----
my_ticket_id| 1.13        | EUR            | 20190101             | 20191231

ticket_uses.txt

ticket_use_id | ticket_id    | max_transfers | boarding_time_limit | alighting_time_limit
---           | ---          | ---           | ---                 | ----

> my_use_id     | my_ticket_id |   3           |   60                | 90 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
my_use_id     | my_ticket_id |   2           |   60                | 90 
```
to avoid changing all nb_changes<4

Author: well spotted ! fixed

- the price value is converted to "centimes" because the NTFS fare model expect an integer value. Consequently, we support only prices in EUR
  in the NTFS fare model. Tickets with a price not given in EUR will be throwed away during the conversion.

### Without ticket_use_restrictions

#### Punching a new ticket

To model our example, we first add two lines to fares.csv in order to allow to punch the ticket.

fares.csv

| avant changement | apres changement   | debut trajet                                      | fin trajet    | condition globale | clef ticket |
| ---              |    ---             |  ---                                              | ---           |   ---             |  ---        |
|                  | network=my_network | line!=excluded_line & duration<61 & nb_changes<3  | duration<91   |                   | my_use_id   |
|                  | line=my_line       | line!=excluded_line & duration<61 & nb_changes<3  | duration<91   |                   | my_use_id   |

Each line allows entering one of the two included perimeters : the network my_network and the line my_line.
Note that the exluded perimeter (excluded line) is added as a condition "debut trajet".

> The conditition "debut trajet" also encodes the contraints on the boarding duration and the number of transfers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The condition "debut trajet" also encodes the constraints on the boarding duration and the number of transfers.
```

Author: well spotted, thanks !
